oh my god does does that mean the night
am i dead seven Elena don't move
vervain ropes
looks like a lark added assault of
counsel
how the hell happened your life no time
come on Rebekah keep him busy little
sister
kind of luck I don't know love
did I what the hell did you do to Tyler
that's what I enjoy about you so much
more than a pretty face oh my god you're
Klaus you're disgusting and you're a
glorious kisser
listen I didn't have to risk exposure to
come save you oh you do one semi-decent
thing and now you're my hero oh I need
to go sanitize my mouth your mouth was
all over me
I was an innocent victim put Tyler back
gladly then maybe I'll take you up on
your offer of hot hybrid sex it's too
dangerous
Bonnie do the play spell she said she
can't okay
we'll just wait a few days until you're
strong enough to do it with traditional
magic right Bonnie what are you doing
ripping Tyler's heart out I'll jump it
is someone else maybe you
puffing you need to which to do that
will make you think I don't have one or
10 pick Barney you Tyler
stop do you know why I was even on that
bridge I was coming back for you Stefan
his best choice Hey
you stop the spell
you made your choice never taking it out
on me
I'm sorry gran
one of the highlights of my transition
remembering everything that you
compelled me to forget like how you and
I met first you're a stranger that told
me you wanted me to get everything I
wanted from life and that would be dead
but you wouldn't be and you would have
gotten to grow up and had the life that
you wanted the life that you deserved
and I know that I didn't used to get
that but I do now and I wanted that for
you Elena and I would have gladly have
given it to you and let Matt die because
I am that selfish but you knew that
already
first night we met snot on
drop them
I warned you my heart broke thinking I'd
never see you again put the blood down
Rebekah that's a good girl it's always
been me nothing lie do not call me I
loved you through everything you draw
back where I have been chosen to lead us
in a movement what are you talking about
hear me loved ones soon you'll be free
to pass through the gates and we'll all
reunite in eternity
seriously pastor what's going on here
friends we are the beginning